How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    1. have a list of all the differences shown
    2. being able to locate mistyped words via ctrl+f very fast

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    1. staying on top of things
    2. monitor progress more easily
    3. if one crashes a file, you can just go back to the previous file that
       worked

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

    manual commit:
      + save only meaningful changes
      + compare different versions quickly; also by third persons
      - prone to user error
      - increased exposure to outside risks (e.g. blackout)

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Both procedures have their advantages and disadvantages. The former is well-
    suited in cases with interconnected files, such as building a website with
    html and using a separate stylesheet. The latter approach is more lean and
    saves disc space.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the whole history of the respective git directory. So be sure
    that the .git file is in the working directory! The working directory can be
    assessed using the pwd command. To move one level up, use cd and the
    destination folder. Then type git log to show the history.

    git diff gives the difference between two versions of a file. Just type
    git diff ID#1 ID#2 and the lines added and removed will be shown.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It enables you to always go back to a previous state where things worked.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use it for the Web API course.
